README.md, before:

# [Super Galactic Age Calculator]()

#### Epicodus Week Five Independent Project | Super Galactic Age Calculator, 06.26.2020

#### By _**Christine Augustine**_

## Description


This is a super duper *S-P-A-C-E* calculator! This handy calculator will help calculate the user's age on any planet. 

### Specs

Current Age

| Behavior       | Input         | Output  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Calculates users age on Mercury | Age: 29 | *120 years*|
| Calculates users age on Venus | Age: 29 | *46 years*|
| Calculates users age on Mars   | Age: 29 | *15 years* |
| Calculates users age on Jupiter | Age: 29 | *2 years* |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone or download from Github Repository (https://github.com/christinereina/supa)
* Create the webpack bundled /dist directory by running the terminal command "npm install" in the root directory.
* Open /dist/index.html in your preferred internet browser.

## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

Feel free to say hello! Additionally, if you have any questions, suggestions and/or feedback, please don't hesitate to contact me.

Christine Augustine's email:
_blacchoy@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

* _Markdown_
* _Git_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _jQuery & Javascript_
* _Bootstrap_  
* _Jest_
* _Webpack_
* _EsLint_

### License

*GPL license distribution*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Christine Augustine_**

Commit message:

update specs for years left

README.md, after:

# [Super Galactic Age Calculator]()

#### Epicodus Week Five Independent Project | Super Galactic Age Calculator, 06.26.2020

#### By _**Christine Augustine**_

## Description


This is a super duper *S-P-A-C-E* calculator! This handy calculator will help calculate the user's age on any planet. 

### Specs

#### Current Age

| Behavior       | Input         | Output  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Calculates users age on Mercury | Age: 29 | *120 years*|
| Calculates users age on Venus | Age: 29 | *46 years*|
| Calculates users age on Mars   | Age: 29 | *15 years* |
| Calculates users age on Jupiter | Age: 29 | *2 years* |

#### Years Left 

Years left will be calculated by taking the users planet age subtracted from life expectancy. Life expectancy will be calculated randomly from 1 - 100.

| Behavior       | Input         | Output  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
| Calculates users years left on Mercury | Age: 29 | (Mercury age - life expectancy)|
| Calculates users years left on Venus | Age: 29 | (Venus age - life expectancy)|
| Calculates users years left on Mars  | Age: 29 |(Mars age - life expectancy)|
| Calculates users years left on Jupiter | Age: 29 | (Jupiter age - life expectancy) |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Clone or download from Github Repository (https://github.com/christinereina/supa)
* Create the webpack bundled /dist directory by running the terminal command "npm install" in the root directory.
* Open /dist/index.html in your preferred internet browser.

## Known Bugs

_ _

## Support and contact details

Feel free to say hello! Additionally, if you have any questions, suggestions and/or feedback, please don't hesitate to contact me.

Christine Augustine's email:
_blacchoy@gmail.com_

## Technologies Used

* _Markdown_
* _Git_
* _HTML_
* _CSS_
* _jQuery & Javascript_
* _Bootstrap_  
* _Jest_
* _Webpack_
* _EsLint_

### License

*GPL license distribution*

Copyright (c) 2020 **_Christine Augustine_**
